Feature/split client tools (#20754)
arangodb/arangodb: CONTRIBUTING.md

| `tests/` (remaining)                                         | Google Test unittests                                                                                                              |
| implementation specific files                                |
| `scripts/unittest`                                           | Entry wrapper script for `UnitTests/unittest.js`                                                                                   |

                                          |

> see [js/client/modules/@arangodb/README.md] about implementaiton deatails of the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see [js/client/modules/@arangodb/README.md] about implementation details of the framework.
```
